{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq0\fcharset1 Calibri;}{\f5\froman\fprq0\fcharset1 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f6\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset1 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Droid Sans Fallback;}{\f8\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f9\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset1 FreeSans;}{\f10\fnil\fprq0\fcharset1 FreeSans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang2057 Normal;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\ql\nowidctlpar\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs28\alang1081\loch\f6\fs28\lang2057 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang2057 Text Body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sl288\slmult1\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang2057 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\ql\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\noline\ltrpar\cf1\i\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\ai\loch\f5\fs24\lang2057 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\ql\nowidctlpar\noline\ltrpar\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang2057 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment LibreOffice}{\vern67240962}}\deftab720
\viewscale120
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang2057\qj\sb0\sa240{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4
It can sound scary when a company says they want to }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4
'}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4
gather information}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4
'}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4
 about their product from you, especially when they use lots of complicated legal words! So here is what WE mean when we ask if you are ok with helping us to make better products:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang2057\qj\sb0\sa240{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4
We want to see things like how many computers Gameband is used on, how many people actively use backup, how long backup takes; and we only want to see that information in total. If you agree to help us out we will never link your name, email, password or anything personal about you, to the information we gather. We just want to look at the totals and use that information to make our Gameband and our services better. We will never be looking at your name and seeing how you specifically used Gameband. So, please help us to improve our products! We will never let you down or disrespect your privacy, ever.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang2057\qj\sb0\sa240{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4
Thanks!!}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang2057\qj\sb0\sa240{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4
The Gameband team}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang2057\qj\sb0\sa240{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs20\loch\f4
A}{\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs20\loch\f4
. Diagnostic and Usage Data. You agree that NOW COMPUTING may collect, maintain, process and use diagnostic, technical, usage and related information, including but not limited to information about your computer, system and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other services to you (if any) related to the GAMEBAND PRODUCT, and to verify compliance with the terms of this AGREEMENT. NOW COMPUTING may use this information, as long as it is in a form that does not personally identify you, to provide and improve NOW COMPUTING products and services. To enable NOW COMPUTING partners and third party developers to improve their software, hardware and services designed for use with NOW COMPUTING products, NOW COMPUTING may also provide any such partner or third party developer with a subset of diagnostic information that is relevant to that partner\u8217\'19s or developer\u8217\'19s software, hardware and/or services, as long as the diagnostic information is in a form that does not personally identify you.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang2057\qj\sb0\sa240{\b\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs20\loch\f4
B}{\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs20\loch\f4
. Privacy. NOW COMPUTING will maintain, use and safeguard customer information in accordance with applicable international and local laws.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang2057\qj\sb0\sa240\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf1\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af10\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang2057\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par }